My ideal team is a diverse team. What I mean by that is you have to have
a superstar that that that is, uh, e think that builds the most morale.
When you have someone on the team that can probably do anything
now he needs support. Uh, there's a guy that's learning. So if I
had two superstars thin, what I would try to do is I would try to get
one of the superstars off and try to get someone who's learning, you
know, kind of keep it balanced. There should always be some kind
of training involved as well. Um, uh, you got your admin guy, you know,
that that's usually me or some kind of supervisor or something like
that. And then, um, yeah, I think as long as you have those three
pieces that are really good or at least learning, uh, then everything
else is kind of like filter